[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged all
present to a game.
Amidst the chaos, he also
put prices on the heads
of Luffy and his allies, turning
the entire kingdom against them.
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
So, is everybody okay?
We're breaking all
you guys outta here!
[DWARVES cheer]
Diaper Bombs!
[yells] Nipple Light Special!
Worry not,
Long-Nosed Goblin Man.
I saw that they were in need,
so I provided them a net!
[USOPP] Are you trying to
get me killed, you moron?
All those people are
coming here to get me!
What an awful blunder I've made!
[VIOLET] Princess Mansherry,
where are you?
Behind the chapel.
[MANSHERRY crying]
[VIOLET]
I found you, Princess!
[LUFFY READS ALOUD]
Oh no. Those are the
Doflamingo Family Executives!
Don't let them
see you. Be careful.
[REBECCA]
Right.
I could see the fourth level
just ahead. We're close.
[ROBIN] Hopefully Luffy
will be waiting for us there
and we can hand over the key
to Traffy's handcuffs.
[BARTOLOMEO]
That's right!
I'm only moments away from
seeing Mister Luffy again!
Mister Luffy!
Well! If it isn't Bartolomeo!
I've been waiting.
Whoa, like, really?
M-Mister Luffy's
been waiting for me?
I could cry!
I am crying, actually!
[LUFFY]
Hey, come back!
Are you okay?
[BARTOLOMEO]
Uh, yeah.
Oops. Sorry I'm late.
Ah. I knew you'd make it.
[BARTOLOMEO gasps]
'Cause I believe in my friends.
[BARTOLOMEO]
I'm your friend?
His friend.
His friend. His friend.
[giggles] Now I can die happy!
Hey, uh, you okay?
Oh, I'm great!
In fact, the treasure in
my heart is shining bright!
[LEO]
Y'know, we had a rocky start,
but I knew our Tontatta Airline
service would work!
Now you're pros!
[VIOLET]
Can you hear me, Leo?
Sure can! What's up?
I have located the Princess.
[LEO]
What? Really?
I saw her deep in
the palace, hidden away.
[LEO]
But she's all right?
Where did they hide her?
She's at the back of the chapel.
The small room. Remember?
[LEO]
That sounds familiar.
The chapel.
[LEO]
Buried away... in the dark?
I do remember! The naughty room!
Yes! That's it!
[REBECCA]
What's wrong?
[LEO] I was just thinking
of Princess Scarlet.
Yeah.
My mother?
When we used to
go visit the palace,
Princess Viola and us
would cause mischief,
and then King Riku
would scold her.
[DOLDO STAFF A]
He wants you to stay in here
and reflect on your behavior.
[VIOLET]
No! No! Let me out!
[DOLDO STAFF A]
Not until King Riku says so.
[VIOLET gasps]
But it's almost time to eat!
[DOLDO STAFF A] I'm sorry,
Princess, King's orders.
My hands are tied.
[VIOLET]
Hey! Wait!
[LEO, CUB, INHEL]
Princess Viola!
We got put in the naughty room
for causing mischief, too.
While you're here,
we have to stay
and think about what we've done.
[VIOLET]
Leo! Cub! Inhel!
[LEO] And don't worry,
we're not sad at all!
Why not?
[LEO, CUB, INHEL]
Because we have each other!
We sure do!
And I'm not even sad! But...
[stomach growls]
[VIOLET]
I am pretty hungry.
[stomachs growl]
[LEO, CUB, INHEL]
Me, too.
[lock clicks]
[gasps]
Big Sis!
[LEO, CUB, INHEL]
Scarlet. It's you!
Shh. You got into trouble
again? Naughty girl.
Nuh-uh! I didn't even
break the plate, myself--
It was them!
[LEO] We only broke it 'cause
you told us we could break it!
[VIOLET] I said you could touch
it, you bunch of little dummies!
[LEO, CUB, INHEL]
Huh?
[OTHERS chattering]
[SCARLET] I'll come and
apologize with you later.
Really?
Sure! Anyway,
aren't you hungry?
[ALL]
Uh-huh!
[stomachs growl]
Perfect! Here!
One for each of you!
[ALL]
Wow! Thanks!
We loved Scarlet.
She was so good to us.
We all miss her!
Uh-huh. Even when we
caused trouble, she was sweet.
[LEO, INHEL crying]
Sorry I got sidetracked there,
but I remember the
naughty room. Thanks, Viola.
That's the enemies base.
Be careful. Times have changed.
[LEO] Don't worry!
We won't let this mission fail!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL 693A]
Cu-lick.
Good! We've finally put an end
to those wretched
things! Let's go!
Cabbage! We're waiting!
Were you two just
sitting there, watching me?
Farul, watch out!
[neighs]
Horsey!
Is it still alive?
[LUFFY]
You bastard!
Gum-Gum... Jet Pistol!
Farul! Stay with me!
This is awful!
It crushed his head!
Please, my friend, don't die!
Damn it! It got back up!
[CAVENDISH]
How dare you!
That's my partner!
Blade of Beauty! Round Table!
What?
[LUFFY] They keep coming back,
no matter what!
[VIOLET gasps]
Toys? That can't be good.
[USOPP]
Take this!
[KANJURO]
Frankly, these blows to the head
have filled me with shame.
Perhaps seppuku
would be better after all.
I'm sorry I helped
your enemies. [groans]
You are such a baby!
You'd spill out your guts
just to avoid a few bruises?
Be strong, Kanjuro!
Bear with the shame!
All your sins shall
be clobbered away.
But, Sir Usopp, why must
you strike me, too? [groans]
You're the one who
brought him here.
[VIOLET]
Oh no.
[USOPP]
Uh, what's wrong?
Are you still looking
for something, Viola?
[VIOLET]
Sugar has woken up!
[USOPP screams]
No! That can't be! I beat her!
I mean, no one can withstand my
Special Facial
Jack-in-the-box technique!
I was sure she'd be out cold
for a couple of days at least!
[VIOLET] The rest of your
crew doesn't know anything
about her, do they?
[VIOLET]
Or her ability.
Straw Hat and his current
group are in danger.
She's ready to fight.
[screaming]
[screams]
[panting]
If you have a long nose,
then stay out of my way!
Or, on second thought,
you can just drop dead!
Why? We just brought some snacks
in case you might
be hungry! Here.
[screaming]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A chuckles]
It's just sausages.
They're too long! Like noses!
I want something nice
and round! Like grapes!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Huh?
I'll turn you morons
into headcracker dolls!
Now go and protect the palace!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A gasps]
[SUGAR] I feel bad
for the Young Master.
I'll transform
this whole kingdom.
I'll have to.
They can all be toys.
Oh yes, and first I'll
get that long-nosed bastard!
And the rest of his stupid crew!
If she uses her ability again,
there's nothing stopping her
from turning our allies
back into toys.
Then our work
would be for naught.
This is a mess!
[KIN'EMON]
Is this truly as calamitous
as it sounds, Sir Usopp?
Last time, Robin, she got
turned into a toy by Sugar,
and it was seriously messed up.
I didn't even realize I forgot
her until she was turned back.
If Sugar touches Luffy,
it's over.
For us, he'll be gone.
It's worse, even.
Like your friend
never even existed.
She can't do that.
[KIN'EMON]
A cruel fate. How awful.
I will not let her win!
Yes. Contact them through
Transponder Snail and warn them.
I've been calling, but it seems
they haven't noticed yet.
[DOLDO]
The net-climbers are drawing
precariously close as well!
[TOWNSMAN 693A] Almost there!
God Usopp's gonna get it!
[USOPP]
It's not ideal, but here goes.
I'll make a long-distance shot.
You jest, Sir Usopp!
How can you shoot
your target? It's too far!
I can barely see
the palace from here,
let alone someone inside it.
Why, the walls alone would make
it impossible from the start!
[USOPP] Impossible or not,
I gotta do it somehow!
Don't you worry.
I will assist you.
[USOPP sighs]
Because if I mess this up,
Sugar will know our plan.
And we are not
getting another chance.
Distance aside,
that means I'm gonna need
perfect precision on this shot.
With your Clairvoyance,
track her down,
and tell me everything you can.
Right. Got it.
Now, let's see.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Someone help!
Halt!
About face!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Sir!
Huh? Why are we
obeying him? Stop it!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
[ORLUMBUS grunts]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[BABY 5]
Armsmorphosis! Flying Disc Girl!
[grunts] Gimme your worst!
Whatever you've got,
I'll accept it with open arms!
Hold on. You'll accept me
with open arms? Honestly?
Huh?
I, the former leader
of the Happosui Army,
shall challenge you,
little brats!
I'm no brat--
Compared to you,
I'm practically geriatric!
Geriatric with a capital "G"!
[yells] I am a grandpa!
[LAO G grunts]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
[CHIN JAO grunting]
[LAO G grunting]
[GLADIUS]
Huh?
Wait a second!
[ROBIN] So, this is the third
level right now? Correct?
Yes. Almost there.
One more and we'll
reach the Flower Field.
[REBECCA, ROBIN gasp]
We've been spotted! Incoming!
[BARTOLOMEO] Even all my
most elaborate fantasies
couldn't prepare me for
the real-life Straw Hats.
[ROBIN]
Hey, Rooster! Watch out!
[GLADIUS]
Pop Baller!
[LEO, REBECCA gasp]
[ROBIN]
Are you okay?
[BARTOLOMEO groans]
This is the ability of
the Pop-Pop Fruit!
[gasps] I'm falling! Oh no!
My Yellow Cubs are down!
[ROBIN gasps]
Robin!
[GLADIUS]
Rather audacious, aren't you?
Thinking you can sneak up
to the palace on my watch!
[CUB]
It's Gladius!
--[GLADIUS] Pop...
--[ROBIN] Diez Fleurs!
[ROBIN]
Rebecca! It's up to you now!
Take the key to Law!
I can take care of the rest!
Robin!
[BARTOLOMEO]
I'm fine, too!
[LUFFY]
Now, Gum-Gum...
...UFO!
[gasps]
Damn it. If only I had that key.
I could finish this, easy.
[BARTOLOMEO yelling]
What's that? It's really noisy.
[BARTOLOMEO groans]
I got sloppy.
It's you!
Mister Luffy! A miracle!
[ROBIN]
Cien Fleurs! Wing!
[LUFFY]
Robin!
Luffy! Traffy! You're down here?
Nico! You brought
the key, didn't you?
Give it to me now!
[ROBIN]
I left it with Rebecca.
What?
She's all right.
She's headed to the
Flower Field right now.
[KYROS]
Rebecca.
[GLADIUS grunts]
She got away.
[GLADIUS] Well, she's just
one little brat.
Even if she makes it
to the palace,
she won't be able
to do anything.
I'll kill her when
I'm done with you.
[KYROS]
Bastard!
[LUFFY]
I know you.
[GLADIUS]
The name is Gladius.
And I'm putting an end
to this rebellion.
Rooster. Let's go.
Yeah!
[LUFFY]
Hm?
Luffy. Traffy. Soldier.
Go on ahead to the Flower Field.
Get that key.
We can handle this.
Yep.
You sure?
Rebecca's waiting. Just go!
[KYROS gasps]
All right.
[NARRATOR]
Clashing fiercely with Fujitora,
Sabo tries to determine
his true motives.
Meanwhile, Robin,
Bartolomeo, and Cavendish
do battle with Gladius,
having faith that Luffy
will push forward
and free Law from his handcuffs
so that the duo can challenge
Doflamingo himself
at the royal palace.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Risking Their Lives!
Luffy Is the
Trump Card for Victory!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!